app/src/newdocs/content/gettingStarted.mdx, before:


import { Link } from 'react-router-dom'
import ReactPlayer from 'react-player'

import links from '$shared/../links'
import docsStyles from '$newdocs/components/DocsLayout/docsLayout.pcss'

import SignupScreen from './images/gettingStarted/signup-screen.png'
import ApiCredentials from './images/gettingStarted/api-credentials.png'
import EthereumLogin from './images/gettingStarted/ethereum_login.png'
import NameEthereum from './images/gettingStarted/name_ethereum_acct.png'
import EthereumAccts from './images/gettingStarted/profile_ethereum_accounts.png'
import EthereumSign from './images/gettingStarted/profile_ethereum_sign.png'

## Before you start... 

**Welcome to Streamr!**

The first thing you'll want to get is a Streamr account. You can do that <Link to={links.internalLogin}>here</Link>. Creating an account requires either an Email address or a Web3 Ethereum wallet, e.g. <a href="https://metamask.io">Metamask</a>.

<section id="get-api-keys">

## Get your API keys

After creating your Streamr account, visit your <Link to={links.userpages.profile}>profile settings page</Link> to reveal your API keys. These keys grant you access to read and write to the streams you create and are your means of authentication when using the <Link to={links.newdocs.api}>Streamr API</Link>.

<Link to={`${links.userpages.profile}#api-keys`}>
  <div className={docsStyles.centered}>
    <img src={ApiCredentials} />
  </div>
</Link>

</section>

<section id="connecting-ethereum-identity">

## Connecting your Ethereum identity on Streamr

You will need to have an Ethereum account on Streamr if you want to publish or buy a paid product on the Marketplace. It is optional, but recommended if you want to enjoy the full Streamr experience.

### How to Connect your Ethereum Account

Checkout our <Link to={links.newdocs.introduction}>Introduction page</Link> if you'd like to understand more about what Ethereum is and what it means to have an account on Ethereum.

The easiest way to get started is through the free and open source Chrome browser extension, [Metamask](https://metamask.io/). Metamask is also [available](https://mobile.metamask.io/) on Android and Apple mobile devices. The explainer video below will help you understand how to use Metamask.

<div className={docsStyles.playerWrapper}>
    <ReactPlayer
        controls
        className={docsStyles.reactPlayer}
        url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIGUC9JAAw8"
        width="100%"
        height="100%"
    />
</div>

Once you have your Ethereum account on Metamask, you can connect it to Streamr. There's two ways to do it:

#### Option 1) No Streamr account yet

If you haven't created an account yet on Streamr, you can use your Ethereum account to create one.

Go to the <Link to={links.internalLogin}>login page</Link> and click 'Sign in with Ethereum'.

<Link to={links.internalLogin}>
  <div className={docsStyles.centered}>
    <img src={SignupScreen} />
  </div>
</Link>

A popup will ask you to sign a message with your Ethereum account to prove ownership, click 'Sign'.

<Link to={links.internalLogin}>
  <div className={docsStyles.centered}>
    <img src={EthereumLogin} />
  </div>
</Link>

You're done! 🎉 

There's no need to remember passwords anymore - your Ethereum account doubles up as your Streamr identity!

Checkout some of the suggestions below to get your feet wet inside the Streamr Platform.

#### Option 2) You already have a Streamr account

If you already have a Streamr account, go to the **Ethereum Address** section of your <Link to={links.userpages.profile}>profile page</Link>.

Click 'Add new address' to attach your address to your Streamr account. 

<Link to={links.userpages.profile}>
  <div className={docsStyles.centered}>
    <img src={EthereumAccts} />
  </div>
</Link>

Choosing a memorable name for each address is recommended if you have many Ethereum accounts!

<Link to={links.userpages.profile}>
  <div className={docsStyles.centered}>
    <img src={NameEthereum} />
  </div>
</Link>

You will be asked for a signature to prove ownership of the address.

<Link to={links.userpages.profile}>
  <div className={docsStyles.centered}>
    <img src={EthereumSign} />
  </div>
</Link>

You're done! 🎉

Checkout some of the suggestions below to get your feet wet inside the Streamr Platform.

</section>
<section id="get-building">

## Get building

Here's some ideas about what you can start building or playing with on the Streamr Platform:

#### Try one of our tutorials:
- <Link to={links.newdocs.tutorials}>Building a simple pub/sub system</Link>

#### Check out the Core App to create, process, visualise and sell your realtime data:
- <Link to={links.newdocs.core}>Intro to Core</Link>

#### Create a product on the Data Marketplace:
- <Link to={links.newdocs.marketplace}>Intro to Marketplace</Link>

#### Leverage a Streamr SDKs and build apps powered by Streamr:
- <Link to={links.newdocs.SDKs}>Intro to Marketplace</Link>

#### Get to know the Streamr API:
- <Link to={links.newdocs.api}>Intro to Marketplace</Link>

</section>

<section id="useful-links">

## Useful links
- <a href="https://github.com/streamr-dev" target="_blank">Streamr git repos</a>
- <a href="https://github.com/streamr-dev/cli-tools" target="_blank">Streamr command line tools</a>

</section>

Commit message:

work with streams via api content and look over of the rest of the docs content

app/src/newdocs/content/gettingStarted.mdx, after:


import { Link } from 'react-router-dom'
import ReactPlayer from 'react-player'

import links from '$shared/../links'
import docsStyles from '$newdocs/components/DocsLayout/docsLayout.pcss'

import SignupScreen from './images/gettingStarted/signup-screen.png'
import ApiCredentials from './images/gettingStarted/api-credentials.png'
import EthereumLogin from './images/gettingStarted/ethereum_login.png'
import NameEthereum from './images/gettingStarted/name_ethereum_acct.png'
import EthereumAccts from './images/gettingStarted/profile_ethereum_accounts.png'
import EthereumSign from './images/gettingStarted/profile_ethereum_sign.png'

<section>

# Before you start... 

**Welcome to Streamr!**

To get a feel for what Streamr is, checkout our <Link to={links.newdocs.introduction}>intro docs</Link>.

The first thing you'll want to get is a Streamr account. You can do that <Link to={links.internalLogin}>here</Link>. Creating an account requires either an Email address or a Web3 Ethereum wallet, e.g. <a href="https://metamask.io" target="blank">Metamask</a>.

</section>
<section id="get-api-keys">

### Get your API keys

After creating your Streamr account, visit your <Link to={links.userpages.profile}>profile settings page</Link> to reveal your API keys. These keys grant you access to read and write to the streams you create and are your means of authentication when using the <Link to={links.newdocs.api}>Streamr API</Link>.

<Link to={`${links.userpages.profile}#api-keys`}>
  <div className={docsStyles.centered}>
    <img src={ApiCredentials} />
  </div>
</Link>

</section>
<section id="connecting-ethereum-identity">

### Connecting your Ethereum identity on Streamr

You will need to have an Ethereum account on Streamr if you want to publish or buy a paid product on the Marketplace. It is optional, but recommended if you want to enjoy the full Streamr experience.

### How to Connect your Ethereum Account

Checkout our <Link to={links.newdocs.introduction}>intro docs</Link> if you'd like to understand more about what Ethereum is and what it means to have an account on Ethereum.

The easiest way to get started is through the free and open source Chrome browser extension, <a href="https://metamask.io" target="blank">Metamask</a>. Metamask is also <a href="https://mobile.metamask.io/" target="blank">available on Android and Apple mobile devices</a>. The explainer video below will help you understand how to use Metamask.

<div className={docsStyles.playerWrapper}>
    <ReactPlayer
        controls
        className={docsStyles.reactPlayer}
        url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIGUC9JAAw8"
        width="100%"
        height="100%"
    />
</div>

Once you have your Ethereum account on Metamask, you can connect it to Streamr. There's two ways to do it:

#### Option 1) No Streamr account yet

If you haven't created an account yet on Streamr, you can use your Ethereum account to create one.

Go to the <Link to={links.internalLogin}>login page</Link> and click 'Sign in with Ethereum'.

<Link to={links.internalLogin}>
  <div className={docsStyles.centered}>
    <img src={SignupScreen} />
  </div>
</Link>

A popup will ask you to sign a message with your Ethereum account to prove ownership, click 'Sign'.

<Link to={links.internalLogin}>
  <div className={docsStyles.centered}>
    <img src={EthereumLogin} />
  </div>
</Link>

You're done! 🎉 

There's no need to remember passwords anymore - your Ethereum account doubles up as your Streamr identity!

Checkout some of the suggestions below to get your feet wet inside the Streamr Platform.


#### Option 2) You already have a Streamr account

If you already have a Streamr account, go to the *Ethereum accounts* section of your <Link to={`${links.userpages.profile}#ethereum-accounts`}>profile page</Link>.

Click **Add new address** to attach your address to your Streamr account. 

<Link to={links.userpages.profile}>
  <div className={docsStyles.centered}>
    <img src={EthereumAccts} />
  </div>
</Link>

Choosing a memorable name for each address is recommended if you have many Ethereum accounts!

<Link to={links.userpages.profile}>
  <div className={docsStyles.centered}>
    <img src={NameEthereum} />
  </div>
</Link>

You will be asked for a signature to prove ownership of the address.

<Link to={links.userpages.profile}>
  <div className={docsStyles.centered}>
    <img src={EthereumSign} />
  </div>
</Link>

You're done! 🎉

Checkout some of the suggestions below to get your feet wet inside the Streamr Platform.

</section>
<section id="get-building">

## Get building

Here's some ideas about what you can start building on the Streamr Platform:

#### Try one of our tutorials:
- <Link to={`${links.newdocs.tutorials}#building-a-simple-pub-sub-system`}>Building a simple pub/sub system</Link>
- <Link to={`${links.newdocs.tutorials}#building-custom-canvas-module`}>Building a custom canvas module</Link>

#### Check out the Core App to create, process, visualise and sell your realtime data:
- <Link to={links.newdocs.core}>Intro to Core</Link>

#### Create a product on the Data Marketplace:
- <Link to={links.newdocs.products}>Intro to Products</Link>

#### Leverage a Streamr SDKs and build apps powered by Streamr:
- <Link to={links.newdocs.SDKs}>SDKs overview</Link>

#### Get to know the Streamr API:
- <Link to={links.newdocs.api}>API overview</Link>

</section>
<section id="useful-links">

## Useful links
- <a href="https://github.com/streamr-dev" target="_blank">Streamr Git repos</a>
- <a href="https://github.com/streamr-dev/cli-tools" target="_blank">Streamr command line tools</a>

</section>
