app/src/docs/content/learn/glossary.mdx, before:

# Glossary

#### Broker node
Broker nodes are the miners in the Streamr Network. They are nodes that constantly monitor Bounties requesting data relaying support in return for DATA tokens.

#### Core app
A user interface for creating and managing streams. [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/streamr-dev/core-frontend).

#### Data Union
A Data Union framework provides a way to collect and package an individuals's real-time data together with others' with rich consent and while distributing a fair share of the revenue back to the users when someone pays to access it.

#### Gap fill
Gap fill is a the mechanism of requesting resends of missing messages in a message chain to help achieve delivery completeness. Messages in Streamr streams are chained, allowing for gap detection (detecting missing messages). For example, the client may receive the following sequence (simplified):
- Message 1: Previous message was null
- Message 2: Previous message was Message 1
- Message 5: Previous message was Message 4

The client can now detect that they missed one or more messages that came after Message 2 but before Message 5. They do a "gap fill" to fill the gap, i.e. request a resend of messages from Message 2 (exclusive) up to Message 4 (inclusive).

#### Light node
Light nodes are bundled inside an application that uses Streamr to publish and/or subscibe to streaming data. Light nodes are not extendable like Broker nodes and cannot 'mine' other streams for DATA tokens.

#### Stream
A stream is simply a sequence of data points in time, i.e. an append only log. This is semantically equivalent to *topics* in traditional pub/sub networks. 

#### Storage node
A Streamr network node that subscribes to data with a commitment to store the data and make it available for retrieval requests.

#### Topology
Arrangement on nodes that participate in the dissemination of messages inside a stream.

#### Tracker
Trackers are a type of Streamr node that build and maintain peer to peer stream topologies.

Commit message:

Docs brubeck warning update (#1287)
* - Adding a clear warning about the two networks
- Changing the testnet tag instead of the dev tag to the broker node (non OCR brubeck build)

* Extra warning in the welcome page, just in case

* Sneaking in a few new DU glossary items

* - DU wording tweaks

app/src/docs/content/learn/glossary.mdx, after:

# Glossary

#### Broker node
Broker nodes are the miners in the Streamr Network. They are nodes that constantly monitor Bounties requesting data relaying support in return for DATA tokens.

#### Core app
A user interface for creating and managing streams. [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/streamr-dev/core-frontend).

#### Data Union (DU)
A Data Union framework provides a way to collect and package an individuals's real-time data together with others' with rich consent and while distributing a fair share of the revenue back to the users when someone pays to access it.

#### Data Union Admin (DU Admin)
The DU Admin creates the Data Union smart contract and is responsible for creating a fair and transparent means for anyone to join the Data Union with the clear intention to monetize the data they choose to share. The DU Admin typically takes a percentage cut of data sales to maintain the upkeep of the Data Union and promote the dataset to data marketplaces.

#### Data Union Members (DU Member)
Data Union members publish their data to data streams inside a Data Union that they have joined with with rich consent. In return they typically expect rewards, usually in the form of cryptocurrency.

#### Data Union Operator (DU Operator)
Otherwise known as the Data Union Admin - creates the Data Union smart contract and is responsible for creating a fair and transparent means for anyone to join the Data Union with the clear intention to monetize the data they choose to share. The DU Admin typically takes a percentage cut of data sales to maintain the upkeep of the Data Union and promote the dataset to data marketplaces.

#### Gap fill
Gap fill is a the mechanism of requesting resends of missing messages in a message chain to help achieve delivery completeness. Messages in Streamr streams are chained, allowing for gap detection (detecting missing messages). For example, the client may receive the following sequence (simplified):
- Message 1: Previous message was null
- Message 2: Previous message was Message 1
- Message 5: Previous message was Message 4

The client can now detect that they missed one or more messages that came after Message 2 but before Message 5. They do a "gap fill" to fill the gap, i.e. request a resend of messages from Message 2 (exclusive) up to Message 4 (inclusive).

#### Light node
Light nodes are bundled inside an application that uses Streamr to publish and/or subscibe to streaming data. Light nodes are not extendable like Broker nodes and cannot 'mine' other streams for DATA tokens.

#### Stream
A stream is simply a sequence of data points in time, i.e. an append only log. This is semantically equivalent to *topics* in traditional pub/sub networks. 

#### Storage node
A Streamr network node that subscribes to data with a commitment to store the data and make it available for retrieval requests.

#### Topology
Arrangement on nodes that participate in the dissemination of messages inside a stream.

#### Tracker
Trackers are a type of Streamr node that build and maintain peer to peer stream topologies.
