app/src/docs/content/dataUnions/authAndIdentity.mdx, before:

# Data Unions Authentication and Identity

Members are identified by an Ethereum address, which is also their identity in the Streamr ecosystem, as Ethereum keys can be used to authenticate to the Streamr API as well as to sign data.

### Ethereum key generation & management
Ethereum addresses have an associated private key, which must be kept safe, as it grants access to earned funds. Similarly, losing it means losing funds.

Ethereum private keys are just randomly generated 256 bits (32 bytes). They are usually displayed in form of 64 hexadecimal characters. You can use any securely random method of generating those keys, but here’s how to do it using the Streamr SDK for JavaScript and easily get the associated address too:
 
```
const wallet = StreamrClient.generateEthereumAccount()
```

which returns an object of this form:

```
{
  address: '0x12345...',
  privateKey: 'acebabe123...'
}
```

The data-producing application should generate the keys when it is launched for the first time, and store the information locally. The private key should always stay on the device and it should never be sent over the internet.

Storing the private key in encrypted form is recommended. One way to approach this is to encrypt it using a user-defined password. If the key is stored encrypted, the key needs to be decrypted when the application starts. The decrypted version should be kept in memory, as it is continuously needed for signing data.

### Authenticating to the Streamr API
The Ethereum key created above can be used to authenticate to the Streamr API as well as to sign data. The private key is never sent over the internet; instead a challenge generated by the server is signed with the key, and this signature is used to authenticate the user. The mechanism is the same as when signing Ethereum transactions.

The easiest way to handle authentication is to use the Streamr SDKs. Here’s how to initialize a StreamrClient instance with a private key:

```
const streamr = new StreamrClient({
    auth: {
        privateKey: 'acebabe123...'
    }
})
```

All requests made to the Streamr API via the client instance will now be automatically authenticated.

Commit message:

DU2 Docs Update (#1198)
* DU2 update, DU Product -> DU

* DU2 update, DU Product -> DU

* updates to intro, roles, join/withdraw & ux pages

* Update Create & monitor docs page

* updates to intro, core, join/withdraw pages

* Update app/src/docs/content/dataUnions/frameworkRoles.mdx

Co-authored-by: juhah <juha.a.haavisto@gmail.com>

* Update app/src/docs/content/dataUnions/introToDataUnions.mdx

Co-authored-by: juhah <juha.a.haavisto@gmail.com>

* Update Join & Withdraw page

* no message

* some words here and there!

* join and withdraw updates

Co-authored-by: Juha Haavisto <juha.haavisto@sujuwa.fi>
Co-authored-by: juhah <juha.a.haavisto@gmail.com>

app/src/docs/content/dataUnions/authAndIdentity.mdx, after:

import { Link } from 'react-router-dom'
import docsLinks from '$shared/../docsLinks'

# Authentication and Identity
Members are identified by an Ethereum address, which is also their identity in the Streamr ecosystem, as Ethereum keys are used to authenticate to Streamr as well for signing datapoints.

### Ethereum key generation & management
Ethereum addresses have an associated private key, which must be kept safe, as it grants access to earned funds. Similarly, losing it means losing funds.

Ethereum private keys are just randomly generated 256 bits (32 bytes). They are usually displayed in form of 64 hexadecimal characters. You can use any securely random method of generating those keys, but here’s how to do it using the <Link to={docsLinks.sdk}>Streamr SDK</Link> for JavaScript and easily get the associated address too:
 
```
const wallet = streamr.generateEthereumAccount()
```

which returns an object of this form:

```
{
  address: '0x12345...',
  privateKey: 'acebabe123...'
}
```

The data-producing application can generate the keys when it is launched for the first time, and store the information locally or the user may connect their existing wallet. The private key should always stay on the device and it should never be sent over the internet.

Storing the private key in encrypted form is recommended. One way to approach this is to encrypt it using a user-defined password. If the key is stored encrypted, the key needs to be decrypted when the application starts. The decrypted version should be kept in memory, as it is continuously needed for signing data.

### Authenticating to the Streamr API
The Ethereum key created above can be used to authenticate to the Streamr API as well as to sign data. The private key is never sent over the internet; instead a challenge generated by the server is signed with the key, and this signature is used to authenticate the user. The mechanism is the same as when signing Ethereum transactions.

The easiest way to handle authentication is to use the <Link to={docsLinks.sdk}>Streamr SDKs</Link>. Here’s how to initialize the JavaScript StreamrClient instance with a private key:

```
const streamr = new StreamrClient({
    auth: {
        privateKey: 'acebabe123...'
    }
})
```

All requests made to the Streamr API via this client instance will now be automatically authenticated.
