app/src/docs/content/dataUnions/dataUnionsCore.mdx, before:

import { Link } from 'react-router-dom'

import Image from '$docs/components/Image'
import docsLinks from '$shared/../docsLinks'
import docsStyles from '$docs/components/DocsLayout/docsLayout.pcss'
import { numberToText } from '$shared/utils/text'
import { dataUnionMemberLimit } from '$shared/utils/constants'

import Build from './images/data_unions_in_core_01_build.jpg'
import Build2x from './images/data_unions_in_core_01_build@2x.jpg'

import Deploy from './videos/data_unions_in_core_02_deploy.mp4'
import Managing from './videos/data_unions_in_core_03_managing.mp4'

# Build a Data Union with Core

To create a Data Union in Core, go to Core > Products, click <span className={docsStyles.streamrHighlight}>Create</span> and choose Data Union as the product type. Other than the sections below, the process is similar to creating a Data Product. If you haven’t made one before, please check out <Link to={docsLinks.products}>Creating a Data Product</Link> before proceeding with this article.

<Image
  src={Build}
  highResSrc={Build2x}
  alt="Build a Data Union with Core"
/>

### Connect an Ethereum identity

In order to manage your data union, you need to connect your Ethereum address to your Streamr account. This is required before deploying your Data Union. Note that this won't be shown if you have already connected an Ethereum address.

### Admin fee

Administrators are responsible for maintaining the Data Unions, including ensuring good data quality and removing members that are not contributing data as expected. They are incentivized by receiving an admin fee, a percentage of incoming revenue. Members agree to it by joining the Data Union.

### Shared secrets

Shared secrets are only available once you have deployed your product, and provide access control for your product. It allows new members to join the Data Union without explicit approval from the Data Union admin, in order to streamline the on-ramp process. Users may still join the Data Union without a secret but they will have to be manually accepted.

### Deploying a Data Union

Creating a Data Union starts with deploying the Data Union smart contract. A Data Union is identified by the address of its smart contract. The admin who deployes the contract then becomes the owner of the contract as well. Once all the required fields have been filled and the draft Data Union is ready to be deployed, click Continue to deploy the Data Union. The deploy dialogue will walk you through the deploy process.

For the contract deployment transaction, you'll need a web3 wallet, and a small amount of Ethereum for gas fees. The Data Union deployment might take a moment to register once the transaction has been mined. The progress indicator will show an estimate of the remaining time. You can either close the dialog and move on or wait for the process to complete after which you will be automatically redirected.

<figure>
    <video muted loop autoPlay>
        <source src={Deploy} type="video/mp4" />
    </video>
</figure>

### Publishing a Data Union

A minimum of <span dangerouslySetInnerHTML={{
    __html: (dataUnionMemberLimit === 1) ? 'one member' : `${numberToText(dataUnionMemberLimit)} members`
}} /> is needed to publish the Data union. Once enough members have joined the Data Union, you can publish the Data Union by clicking Publish from the action bar. Your Data Union will be published on the Marketplace once the Ethereum blockchain has confirmed your transaction.

### Managing the Data Union

Data Unions are listed along with Data products in Core > Products. Data Unions are marked by a Data Union badge and a Members badge showing the current amount of approved members. Click the tile menu to access the Data Union stats and manage members.

The Stats view provides an overview of the Data Union as well as it's members and subscribers over time, while the Members view allows you to manage join requests.

<figure>
    <video muted loop autoPlay>
        <source src={Managing} type="video/mp4" />
    </video>
</figure>

Commit message:

DU2 Docs Update (#1198)
* DU2 update, DU Product -> DU

* DU2 update, DU Product -> DU

* updates to intro, roles, join/withdraw & ux pages

* Update Create & monitor docs page

* updates to intro, core, join/withdraw pages

* Update app/src/docs/content/dataUnions/frameworkRoles.mdx

Co-authored-by: juhah <juha.a.haavisto@gmail.com>

* Update app/src/docs/content/dataUnions/introToDataUnions.mdx

Co-authored-by: juhah <juha.a.haavisto@gmail.com>

* Update Join & Withdraw page

* no message

* some words here and there!

* join and withdraw updates

Co-authored-by: Juha Haavisto <juha.haavisto@sujuwa.fi>
Co-authored-by: juhah <juha.a.haavisto@gmail.com>

app/src/docs/content/dataUnions/dataUnionsCore.mdx, after:

import { Link } from 'react-router-dom'

import Image from '$docs/components/Image'
import docsLinks from '$shared/../docsLinks'
import docsStyles from '$docs/components/DocsLayout/docsLayout.pcss'
import { numberToText } from '$shared/utils/text'
import { dataUnionMemberLimit } from '$shared/utils/constants'

import Build from './images/data_unions_in_core_01_build.jpg'
import Build2x from './images/data_unions_in_core_01_build@2x.jpg'

import Deploy from './videos/data_unions_in_core_02_deploy.mp4'
import Managing from './videos/data_unions_in_core_03_managing.mp4'

# Build a Data Union with Core
To create a Data Union in Core, go to Core > Products, click <span className={docsStyles.streamrHighlight}>Create</span> and choose Data Union as the product type. Other than the sections below, the process is similar to creating a Data Product. If you haven’t made one before, please check out <Link to={docsLinks.products}>Creating a Data Product</Link> before proceeding with this article.

<Image
  src={Build}
  highResSrc={Build2x}
  alt="Build a Data Union with Core"
/>

### Deploying a Data Union
Creating a Data Union starts with deploying the Data Union smart contract. A Data Union is identified by the address of its smart contract. While the deployment transaction is an Ethereum mainnet transaction, the Data Union smart contract is deployed to the sidechain - currently xDai. The sidechain address is deterministic and can be found by reading the mainnet contract on <a href="http://etherscan.io/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Etherscan</a>. Currently the Core UI shows the mainnet address, in the future it will show both the mainnet and sidechain addresses.

The account that deploys the contract is also the owner of that contract. Once all the required fields have been filled and the draft Data Union is ready to be deployed, click Continue to deploy the Data Union. The deploy dialogue will walk you through the deploy process.

For the contract deployment (mainnet transaction), you'll need a web3 wallet, and a small amount of Ethereum for gas fees. The Data Union deployment might take a moment to register once the transaction has been mined. The progress indicator will show an estimate of the remaining time. You can either close the dialog and move on or wait for the process to complete after which you will be automatically redirected.

<figure>
    <video muted loop autoPlay>
        <source src={Deploy} type="video/mp4" />
    </video>
</figure>

### Member authentication via shared secrets
Shared secrets allow new members to join the Data Union without explicit approval from the Data Union admin, in order to streamline the on-ramp process. Users may still join the Data Union without a secret but they will have to be manually accepted by the Admin. Shared secret generation becomes available in the Data Union editor once you have deployed your Data Union.

### Publishing to the Marketplace
A minimum of <span dangerouslySetInnerHTML={{
    __html: (dataUnionMemberLimit === 1) ? 'one member' : `${numberToText(dataUnionMemberLimit)} members`
}} /> is needed to publish the Data union to the Marketplace. Once enough members have joined, you can publish the Data Union by clicking Publish from the action bar. Your Data Union will be published on the Marketplace once the Ethereum blockchain has confirmed your transaction.

### Managing the Data Union
Data Unions are listed along with Data products in Core > Products. Data Unions are marked by a Data Union badge and a Members badge showing the current amount of approved members. Click the tile menu to access the Data Union stats and manage members.

The Stats view provides an overview of the Data Union as well as it's members and subscribers over time, while the Members view allows you to manage manual member join requests (requests that did not have the secret).

<figure>
    <video muted loop autoPlay>
        <source src={Managing} type="video/mp4" />
    </video>
</figure>

### Admin fee
Admins are responsible for maintaining the Data Unions, including ensuring good data quality and removing members that are not contributing data as expected. They are incentivized by receiving an admin fee, a percentage of incoming revenue. Members agree to it by joining the Data Union.
