app/src/docs/content/streamrNetwork/updatingABrokerNode.mdx, before:

import { Link } from 'react-router-dom'

import docsLinks from '$shared/../docsLinks'

# Updating a Broker node

This article shows how to update your existing Streamr Broker node to the latest version. If you are installing your node for the first time, follow <Link to={docsLinks.installingABrokerNode}>installing a Broker node</Link> instead.

## Updating to the latest version

Updates become available for both the NPM and Docker versions of the Broker node software. As with the installation guide, there are two sets of instructions here, for Docker and NPM. Note that there is no need to run the config wizard again.

## Updating a node running on Docker

Stop the currently running Broker as follows:

- Identify and record the container ID of your node by running `docker ps`
- Then, `docker stop <container_ID>`

Next, pull the latest version of the Broker node software,

```
docker pull streamr/broker-node:dev
```

Then start the container as usual - or refer to the <Link to={docsLinks.installingABrokerNode}>installation guide</Link> for the start command.


## Updating a node via NPM
- Stop your existing broker node process (Ctrl+C for example)
- Then, `npm install -g streamr-broker`

Start the node using the `streamr-broker` command as usual.

If you have any problems updating with npm, you could try running `npm doctor` to diagnose the symptoms.

These instructions have been tested on Linux and macOS and may vary on Windows.

Commit message:

- Adding a clear warning about the two networks - Changing the testnet tag instead of the dev tag to the broker node (non OCR brubeck build)

app/src/docs/content/streamrNetwork/updatingABrokerNode.mdx, after:

import { Link } from 'react-router-dom'
import Warning from '$docs/components/Warning'

import docsLinks from '$shared/../docsLinks'

# Updating a Broker node

This article shows how to update your existing Streamr Broker node to the latest version. If you are installing your node for the first time, follow <Link to={docsLinks.installingABrokerNode}>installing a Broker node</Link> instead.

<Warning>

The current stable version of the Streamr Client is `5.x` (at the time of writing, December 2021) which is connected to the [Corea Network](https://streamr.network/roadmap). The Brubeck Network Streamr Client is the [6.0.0-alpha.19](https://www.npmjs.com/package/streamr-client/v/6.0.0-alpha.19) build along with the `testnet` builds of the Broker node. The developer experience of the two networks is the same, however, the `6.0.0-alpha.19` client also runs as a light node in the network, whereas the `5.x` era client communicates to a Streamr run node, remotely. When the Streamr Network transitions into the Brubeck era (ETA Jan/Feb 2022), data guarantees of `5.x` clients will need to be reassessed. Publishing data to the Brubeck network will only be visible in the [Brubeck Core UI](https://brubeck.streamr.network). The Marketplace, Core app and CLI tool are currently all configured to interact with the Corea Network only. Take care not to mix networks during this transition period.

</Warning>

## Updating to the latest version

Updates become available for both the NPM and Docker versions of the Broker node software. As with the installation guide, there are two sets of instructions here, for Docker and NPM. Note that there is no need to run the config wizard again.

## Updating a node running on Docker

Stop the currently running Broker as follows:

- Identify and record the container ID of your node by running `docker ps`
- Then, `docker stop <container_ID>`

Next, pull the latest version of the Broker node software,

```
docker pull streamr/broker-node:testnet
```

Then start the container as usual - or refer to the <Link to={docsLinks.installingABrokerNode}>installation guide</Link> for the start command.


## Updating a node via NPM
- Stop your existing broker node process (Ctrl+C for example)
- Then, `npm install -g streamr-broker@testnet`

Start the node using the `streamr-broker` command as usual.

If you have any problems updating with npm, you could try running `npm doctor` to diagnose the symptoms.

These instructions have been tested on Linux and macOS and may vary on Windows.
