app/src/docs/content/streams/publishAndSubscribe.mdx, before:

import cx from 'classnames'
import { Link } from 'react-router-dom'

import routes from '$routes'
import Image from '$docs/components/Image'
import Warning from '$docs/components/Warning'
import { CodeSnippet } from '@streamr/streamr-layout'
import docsLinks from '$shared/../docsLinks'

import StreamEditorPreview from './images/tutorials_pub_sub_01_desktop.jpg'
import StreamEditorPreview2x from './images/tutorials_pub_sub_01_desktop@2x.jpg'
import Postman from './images/tutorials_pub_sub_02_desktop.jpg'
import Postman2x from './images/tutorials_pub_sub_02_desktop@2x.jpg'

import { ClientSub, ClientPub, InputsAndOutputs } from './code/tutorials.js'

import docsStyles from '$docs/components/DocsLayout/docsLayout.pcss'

# Publish and Subscribe
Bring your data to Streamr in the way that works best for you — as a JS library within your app, or from any application/langauge via MQTT, HTTP or Websocket.

### Publish and Subscribe via JS library
The Streamr client library wraps a Streamr light node for publishing and subscribing to data, and contains convenience functions for creating and managing streams. You can insert a node into any application where JavaScript runs, including the browser.

Checkout the docs section for <Link to={docsLinks.usingALightNode}>Using a light node</Link>.

- <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/streamr-client" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Streamr Client NPM</a>
- <a href="https://github.com/streamr-dev/network-monorepo/blob/main/packages/client/README.md" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Streamr Client Github</a>

### Publish and subscribe via MQTT, HTTP or Websocket
You will need to run a Broker node and interface to it with either MQTT, HTTP or Websocket. Checkout the docs section for <Link to={docsLinks.connectingApplications}>Connecting Applications</Link>. 

### Data preview
Inside the <Link to={routes.streams.index()}>Core app</Link>, you can select the stream and monitor the data preview - your published messages will appear here in real-time.

<Image
  src={StreamEditorPreview}
  highResSrc={StreamEditorPreview2x}
  alt="Stream Editor Preview"
/>

Commit message:

Add warning labels about 5.x and 6.x client differences

app/src/docs/content/streams/publishAndSubscribe.mdx, after:

import cx from 'classnames'
import { Link } from 'react-router-dom'

import routes from '$routes'
import Image from '$docs/components/Image'
import Warning from '$docs/components/Warning'
import { CodeSnippet } from '@streamr/streamr-layout'
import docsLinks from '$shared/../docsLinks'

import StreamEditorPreview from './images/tutorials_pub_sub_01_desktop.jpg'
import StreamEditorPreview2x from './images/tutorials_pub_sub_01_desktop@2x.jpg'
import Postman from './images/tutorials_pub_sub_02_desktop.jpg'
import Postman2x from './images/tutorials_pub_sub_02_desktop@2x.jpg'

import { ClientSub, ClientPub, InputsAndOutputs } from './code/tutorials.js'

import docsStyles from '$docs/components/DocsLayout/docsLayout.pcss'

# Publish and Subscribe
Bring your data to Streamr in the way that works best for you — as a JS library within your app, or from any application/langauge via MQTT, HTTP or Websocket.

### Publish and Subscribe via JS library
The Streamr client library wraps a Streamr light node for publishing and subscribing to data, and contains convenience functions for creating and managing streams. You can insert a node into any application where JavaScript runs, including the browser.

Checkout the docs section for <Link to={docsLinks.usingALightNode}>Using a light node</Link>.

- <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/streamr-client" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Streamr Client NPM</a>
- <a href="https://github.com/streamr-dev/network-monorepo/blob/main/packages/client/README.md" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Streamr Client Github</a>

<Warning>

The current stable version of the Streamr Client is 5.x (at the time of writing, December 2021). The Brubeck era client, (currently available as an alpha build) is version 6.x and above. The developer experience of the Streamr Client in 5.x and 6.x is the same, however, the 6.x client also runs as a light node in the network, whereas the 5.x era client communicates to a Streamr run node remotely. When the Streamr Network transitions into the Brubeck era (ETA 2021) data guarantees of 5.x clients may need to be reassessed.

</Warning>

### Publish and subscribe via MQTT, HTTP or Websocket
You will need to run a Broker node and interface to it with either MQTT, HTTP or Websocket. Checkout the docs section for <Link to={docsLinks.connectingApplications}>Connecting Applications</Link>. 

### Data preview
Inside the <Link to={routes.streams.index()}>Core app</Link>, you can select the stream and monitor the data preview - your published messages will appear here in real-time.

<Image
  src={StreamEditorPreview}
  highResSrc={StreamEditorPreview2x}
  alt="Stream Editor Preview"
/>
